[Music]
hello it's ruby and today i'm going to
be showing you my morning routine
at university for autumn so
i will wake up at 6 30 to 7 00. i will
turn on my fairy lights first of all
just because
it's lovely and atmospheric in the
morning and then i will go
and open my curtains straight away
[Music]
and then i will go and wash my hands
and also brush my teeth
[Music]
at the same time as brushing my teeth
i've got into the habit of doing a
sudoku puzzle
instead of reading just because the book
i'm reading at the moment is like a very
nice addition i don't want to get
toothpaste on it so
i just make my way through some of a
sudoku puzzle and
it's a really great way just to get my
mind working in the morning
it wakes me up which is really really
great
[Music]
i have a very simple skincare routine
literally i just splash my face with
cold
water and mainly this isn't actually to
clean my skin it's literally just to
wake myself up
cold water in the morning is just such
an invigorating
way to start your day and then i put on
some moisturizer this is the priming
moisturizer from glossier
[Music]
i also put on a lip scrub this one is
very very autumnal and very on brand
because it's a pumpkin spice one from
lush
it tastes like pumpkin pie which is
[Music]
amazing
and i will put on my watch i cannot go a
day without wearing my watch i am a bit
of a compulsive watch checker i check my
watch all of the time i can't imagine
wearing this
[Music]
next i go put on my slippers and i head
downstairs
[Music]
i make some tea every morning flaky had
just been down this morning
so the cattle was already filled with
hot water which was great
i like to get myself a whole glass of
cold water in the morning
um i really enjoy that sensation of
having something really cold
coursing through you really early in the
morning
and i usually have green tea in the
morning this one has
lovely packaging
[Music]
i just do a gentle stretch
and also some power poses this releases
adrenaline and so
it makes you feel like you're more ready
to take on the day then i will get
dressed
i like to take my temperature every
morning too exeter gave us these digital
thermometers so every morning i just
take my temperature make sure i don't
have one
[Music]
next i will go downstairs to make
breakfast blakey and i usually eat
breakfast together which is really
really lovely because at home
i don't tend to eat breakfast with my
family we just eat it separately
most mornings we have porridge this
morning we were having a courgette
porridge with ginger which was
so so delicious i can't even tell you
and
topped it off with a gingerbread man
[Music]
necessary grape nuts on top i converted
ruby
they are incredible look grape nuts on
top of porridge
what then i went up to my room and i put
on a very small amount of makeup i just
put on some concealer
and then i brushed my hair
[Music]
next i will head over to my desk
so i have a long to do list on notion
and i just went through this
and transferred that into my academic
planner with the things i needed to get
done today
[Music]
next i will read the news i read the
guardian the bbc
and i might glance through the new york
times and the times as well
depending on how much time i have
i also like to journal in the morning
[Music]
and i will play some classical music
whilst i'm doing that
i've literally only ever written in my
journals in blue fountain pen
since i was 15 it's just something i do
i don't know i like the feeling of using
fountain pen
now i will go into actually doing some
studying so today i was going to be
working on empire of liberty so i was
just doing some readings this morning in
preparation for my seminar
i had two seminars a week and both of
these were at 9 30
so at 9 30 i get up from my desk tidy
everything away and go and get my bag to
pack it
[Music]
and also i like to bring some data spray
to university just to spray down
surfaces and i will bring this big hand
sanitizer with me too
and i just put that in my massive year 7
pack sack
it's very very cold at the moment and i
do feel the cold very easily so i fit on
my hat and scarf
then i head out to the house
[Music]
when i get back from my morning lectures
blakely and i will usually have some tea
together
so the lovely team at vivo oh thank you
has sent us these incredible this
incredible selection of vegan sweets and
chocolate
and for today's tea time with blakey and
ruby we are going to be trying
the biscuits and lemon and ginger chai
oolala tea biscuits thank you thank you
so much viewer for sending us these
yay so today we are trying
this delicacy you actually splashed out
and she treated us
to orange and apples cinnamon and
cinnamon
from which odds sorry okay three
tea
it's got such an interesting aftertaste
what you can definitely taste the orange
yes it's like like something licoricey
minty like
something really strong pepperminty
fennel
the actual smell is very citron it
smells like the apple and peppermint tea
from waterstones which is disgusting
or
which isn't many to be fair because we
do like most teas but that apple has
been one
i think it's start and ease that thing
mm-hmm
because it's got i had an
i think that might be some of it because
there's a kind of weird
it's not like earthy but it's um almost
leafy taste it's not as christmassy as i
thought it would be what would you rate
it
maybe a seven i think i'd wait to a
six okay
could be better sorry retards you um
disappointed a little today
but i i will definitely still have this
teeth well our face isn't lost in you
thank you and the fact that they're
special tea biscuits
they smell cheesy it's really weird they
smell like those cheese biscuits
oh my goodness what you mean i was
thinking she's a vegan she doesn't know
what she's talking about
she doesn't understand
very gingery all right have any those
are good
i think this is like the ticket to this
tea eat it via the medium of biscuits
i'd give them a nine maybe an eight
point five actually 8.5
i think i would agree on that anyway
thank you for joining
tea time with blakely and ruby anyway
thank you so much for watching this
video i hope you enjoyed it
and i hope that you have a productive
[Music]
week
you